[MTM-62876] Document cert authority audits (#3791)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-certificate-authentication/certificate-authority.md

* Each CA certificate has a validity of 1095 days (3 years) and undergoes automatic renewal in the background.
* All CA metadata, private keys, and public keys remain unchanged, ensuring a seamless renewal process. Only `NotAfter` and `NotBefore` wil be changed.
* Device certificates issued by the CA continue to have 1 year validity from issuance date, and new device certificates can be issued without disruption.

> * If CA certificate has a near expiration date then an error banner will be displayed in the UI for those certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If a CA certificate has a near expiration date, then an error banner will be displayed in the UI for this certificate.
```
